AVX-71380 Added backup_remote_lan_ipv6_ip for BGP over LAN (#2453)
AviatrixSystems/terraform-provider-aviatrix: docs/resources/aviatrix_spoke_external_device_conn.md

* `external_device_ipv6` - (Optional) Enable IPv6 prefix learning over IPv6 neighbor. Only valid if gateway is IPv6 enabled.

> * `external_device_backup_ipv6` - (Optional) Enable IPv6 prefix learning over IPv6 neighbor for HA gateway. Only valid if gateway is IPv6 enabled.

Reviewer: Should we also be updating `aviatrix_edge_spoke_external_device_conn.md`

Author: Added.

* `remote_lan_ipv6_ip` - (Optional) Enable IPv6 prefix learning over IPv6 neighbor for BGP over LAN. Only valid if gateway is IPv6 enabled.

> * `backup_remote_lan_ipv6_ip` - (Optional) Backup Remote LAN IPv6 address. Required for IPv6 Enabled HA BGP over LAN connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `backup_remote_lan_ipv6_ip` - (Optional) Backup Remote LAN IPv6 address. Must be set when `enable_ipv6` is true and HA is enabled for BGP over LAN.
```

Author: Done
